Add blog post about Artifact Hub integration (#118)
kubewarden/kubewarden.io: content/blog/2022/07/artifact-hub-supports-kubewarden.md

---
title: Artifact Hub now supports Kubewarden Policies
authors:
- Flavio Castelli
date: 2022-07-20
---

Today we're happy to announce that [Artifact Hub](https://artifacthub.io/)
now supports Kubewarden policies! 🤯 🥳

Artifact Hub is the de-facto place where Cloud Native users go searching for
helm charts, container images and other kind of artifacts and configurations

> of the different CNCF projects. That's why we are super excited and honored to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of different CNCF projects. That's why we are super excited and honored to
```

have Kubewarden policies listed on Artifact Hub.

> This would not have been possible without the work done by the Artifact Hub team.
> They have been extremely helpful with us, thanks a lot folks! 🤗

> Kubewarden mission has always been to simplify the process of writing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our mission at Kubewarden has always been to simplify the process of writing,
```

> maintaining and **distributing** policies.

Reviewer: Any particular reason we're emboldening this?

Kubewarden policies are distributed using traditional container registries.
This allows operators to manage Kubewarden policies using the same set of tools
and processes they are already familiar with.

Having a proven technology to physically distribute policies is just part of
the solution. It's also important to provide Kubernetes operators a way to
discover ready to use policies.
That's why we created [Kubewarden Policy Hub](https://hub.kubewarden.io).

> While Kubewarden Policy Hub served this purpose well, it has always meant to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Kubewarden Policy Hub served this purpose well, it was always meant to be
```

> a temporary solution. We've always looked forward to become part of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a temporary solution. One of the goals on our roadmap was to integrate with and serve the
```

> greater community of Artifact Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
community of Artifact Hub.
```

> This is why **we have moved all our policies to Artifact Hub**. You can see all of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is why **we have moved all our policies to Artifact Hub**. You can view
```

them by [using the *"Kubewarden policies"* filter](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=13&sort=relevance&page=1)
on Artifact Hub.

We've also updated all our policy templates (the ones used

> to quickly create Rust, Go, Swift, Gatekeeper and Open Policy Agent policies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to quickly create Rust, Go, Swift, Gatekeeper, and Open Policy Agent policies)
```

to have all the files necessary to publish to Artifact Hub.

> We will keep the Kubewarden Policy Hub running for some time, to ensure all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will keep the Kubewarden Policy Hub running for some time so that all
```

> our users are aware of this change. Then we will decommission it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our users are aware of this change. However we do plan to decommission it with adequate notice in the future.
```

> ## What does it mean to you?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What does this mean for you?
```

If you are a Kubernetes operator, looking for a ready to use policy, you
can find it by using the familiar interface of Artifact Hub.

> If you are Kubewarden policy author, you can now share your policies on Artifact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a Kubewarden policy author, you can now share your policies on Artifact
```
